Deluxo (DLUX) Project Updates



Posted: December 18th, 2025

Stats proxy, website robustness, and whitepaper tidiness.

A stats proxy has been implemented in order for the token stats to correctly display 
on the homepage using the legacy APIs. The homepage, updates, and whitepaper pages 
have been robustly simplified (no more dependencies).

The whitepaper itself has been grammatically corrected.



Posted: January 21st, 2023

Compromised deployer address and revised distribution plans.

A lot has happened over the past year, with the biggest being that the deployer address 
for DLUX was compromised. All remaining DLUX in the deployer address has been moved 
to 0x966a4a910b7de4105b4c691cd00de3bc94aff94e to be safely distributed in the future.

Also, the distribution plans have changed. Our understanding of Ethereum 2.0 was flawed, 
and it is still not possible to mass distribute ERC-20 tokens without facing bulk gas 
fees. The search for a logical solution for mass distribution of DLUX will continue. In 
the meantime, Ethereum address collecting will continue on the homepage for when 
distribution is possible.



Posted: February 22nd, 2022

What is your Ethereum addresses?

You may have noticed a new entry box on the home page of the website... it is collection 
time. There is a service that will be able to mass distribute DLUX to thousands of 
addresses without having to spend individual transaction fees. If you would like to 
receive some DLUX, go to the homepage, submit your Ethereum address, and follow our 
Twitter to know when the DLUX will be distributed. The whitepaper has also been updated 
accordingly.



Posted: October 4th, 2021

Changes to the whitepaper.

After reviewing the whitepaper, the distribution plans needed some adjustments. The old 
ones were outdated and illogical. There are now two distribution plans: A and B. These 
plans account for Ethereum and Ethereum 2.0. 

Also, some slight adjustments to the website were made.



Posted: July 19th 2021

Complete website redesign and whitepaper.

The website has been redesigned and is now utilizing Bootstrap's toolkit. The website 
now has a default dark theme and added navigation bar. Also, homepage information has 
been updated to better explain the project mission. In addition to the website redesign, 
a DLUX whitepaper has been created.

You can view the whitepaper by clicking the link at the top of the page. An abridged 
summary of the whitepaper is that DLUX is a non-unique crypto-collectible. The goal is 
to reach as many users as possible and achieve some form of value.
